GATEWAY - SENSOR MONITORING APPLICATION - USER GUIDE
    GENERAL INFORMATION:
        This application has two components:
            - This software as the general user interface for interaction with sensor and gatewat data.
            - The GWSensorLogger module as the backend process running to fetch gateway and sensor data to input this GUI.
        This application is built upon the file format of the GWSensorLogger output and thus need to be used as is.
        If there are changes made to the usage of the application, the file format need to be changed. Else, separate building blocks can be re-used.
        The following application is built upon Python 2.7
    INSTRUCTION:
        The following part describes the functions and usage of the application.
        MAIN TAB:
            The main tab is divided into the following part:
            - The control panel on the left to manipulate the plot drawn on the right.
            - The info panel at the bottom left to show the general information of the tasks done by the application.
            - The plot application, on the right, is the space used to plot sensors and gateways information as time plot.
        CONTROL PANEL:
            The control panel has the following entries:
            Filter action:
                Gateway and sensor:
                This is used to choose within the list of sensors and gateways presented in the chosen log file. To use, first choose a gateway from the list, then click on the sensor drop down menu, the log file will show all the sensors that correspond to the currently chosen gateway. If no gateway is chosen, the sensor list will be empty.
                Plot: 
                This is use to choose which plot to apply the action to. If there is no plots drawn, this list will be blank. This list is auto updated with all the plots drawn on the right.
                Start time and stop time: 
                This is used to filter out the range of time that the user want to see the information. Input the year/month/day/hour/minute correspond to the data presented the drop-down menus of each category.
            Plot action:
                WARNING: Before using this action, the filter action must be used first.
                Plot Single: 
                This button will plot a single plot from the chosen combination of gateway - sensor on to the value of the plot filter. If the Plot filter value is "New" then a new plot is drawn. If the plot filter has the name of one of the available plots currently on the canvas, the new plot will be drawn on this plot. By using this button together with the plot filter in the Filter Action section, multiple plots can be drawn on one screen and thus comparison can be made easier.
                Plot Gateway: 
                Plot the gateway online/offline information. Similar action as to the Plot Single button can be applied to Plot Gateway. Choose a current plot to plot on or choose "New" to plot as a new plot. By combining this button with the plot filter in the Filter Action section, multiple gateways can be plotted on one screen and thus comparison can be made easier.
                Plot All: 
                As each gateway has multiple sensors, this button, when clicked, will draw all the sensors information corresponding to the chosen gateway. This button will not work with the plot filter. Thus, if the user wants to merge any plots on one, use the "Plot Single" and "Plot Gateway" together with the plot filter.
                Refresh: 
                This button is used to apply the filter set in the Start time and Stop time widget in the Filter Action, or reset any non-official changes made to the plots.
                Remove: 
                To remove a plot. Choose a plot from the drop-down menu on top (Filter Action), then press this button to remove that plot specifically.
                Remove All: 
                To remove all the plots in the open tab (any visible plots).
                Move Left: 
                To move all the visible plots to the left. The move step can be configured in the Configure Tab.
                Move Right: 
                To move all the visible plots to the right. The move step can be configured in the Configure Tab.
            Info:
                This section shows all the work done to the application. Frequently check this box for any new information prompted by the application. The information shown is color-coded to support with the viewing. If there is no [WARN] in red, system is good to function.
        CONFIGURE TAB:
            This tab is used to change the parameters of system. Also use this tab when first start-up the system without any default log files.
            After any changes made, the "Update" button has to be pressed to commit the changes. Or else it will be omitted.
            Browse Log File:
                Use this part to browse for new log files if the system cannot indicate the files itself or there are multiple files.
                Gateway File:
                The directory of the file used to plot the online/offline information of the gateway. If to be use with GWSensorLogger Module, this file will be in /source/gateway_status_check/result/<year>_<month>/daily_data/<year>-<month>_GWOfficial.csv
                Sensor File:
                The directory of the file used to plot the sensor data. If to be used with the GWSensorLogger Module, this file will be in the result/<year>_<month>/daily_data/<year>-<month>_official.csv
                Browse Gateway:
                Press this button to open a dialog window to browse for the file without having to browse the file yourself and copy the path to the Gateway File Entry
                Browse Sensor:
                Similar to the Browse Gateway button. Use this button to browse for sensor file used in this software.
            Configure Plot:
                This part is to make changes to the parameters of the plots and the plot appearance.
                Scatter Size:
                When the plot is of scatter type, use this to change the size of the scatter. There is no limit to how large the size is, but consider choosing the size most suitable for your viewing.
                Plot Method:
                Switch the current plot method to the shown one. Notice that as every new plot, the default method is scatter so regardless of the value here, the new plot will be of type scatter. This parameter is only used when user want to visualize the current plot in line view instead of scatter.
            Configure Step:
                This part is used to configure the move step when use the function "Move Left" or "Move Right" on the plots.
                Move Step Size: 
                Choose an option from the drop-down menu. This will be the step that the plots will be shifted. If this value is "custom", the value of the next entry will be used.
                Custom Step: 
                When the Move Step Size is set to "custom", the value in this entry will be used. This value is based on unix time and is in millisecond.
        REPORT TAB:
            Use this tab when you want to output a report for all the sensors plotted. Press "Generate" and a report will be generated.
    SPECIAL FUNCTION:
        This application is developed with several plot interaction functions using only mouse and keyboard for ease of navigating and viewing.
        Mouse Event:
            When the mouse move into the plot area, there will be a green cursor showing vertical time synchronization between the plots.
            Right Click:
            The mouse right button is clicked, a green cursor showing horizontal data of the point at the mouse cursor will be temporarily draw. Use this to check the value of a point in plot.
            Left Click:
            When mouse is left clicked, a red dot at the click position is drawn and shows the x and y value of that point. Remember that this value does not necessarily a point of the graph, so if you want to know the data of a point in the graph, try to click the mouse cursor as close to that point as possible.
            Wheel Click:
            When the mouse wheel is clicked, a vertical yellow cursor is drawn. Move the mouse and click the mouse wheel again, another yellow cursor will be drawn. If the mouse is clicked the third time, the region between the first yellow cursor and the second yellow cursor will be zoomed in.
            Wheel Roll:
            When wheel is rolled, depending on the roll direction, all the plots will either be zoomed in or out.
        Keyboard Event:
            Press 'a' to move the plot to the left and 'd' to move the plot to the right. By using these keys you don't have to use the "Move Left" and "Move Right" buttons to move the plots around.
    NOTEBOOK TAB:
        The application comes supported with multi-tab function. Simply click on the "New" button next to the last "Note <id>" tab to create a new plot tab that has all the above features. Using multiple tabs, you don't have to constantly delete plots for space and multiple gateway-sensor sets can be drawn and compared.
